README.md, before:

# SF-Tools
## sfcheck.py
A commandline tool to get response time, version, and state of a dedicated server.

## Server States
The current implementation of the query protocol will return one of three possible server states, as a "state code".  In vervose mode, this is translated to simple words (e. g. `Live`), but in CSV or Compact mode (the default), the state code itself is provided in the output.  The possible state codes are:

| State Code | Server Status   |
|------------|-----------------|
| 1          | Idle            |
| 2          | Preparing World |
| 3          | Live            |

## How to run
Clone the repository or download the sfcheck.py file, then run the `sfcheck.py` script using Python. Ensure to provide at the very least an IP address or hostname of the game server, the port will default to `7777` if not provided.

```bash
> $ python sfcheck.py -h 
usage: sfcheck.py [-h] [-p PORT] [-c] ipAddress

positional arguments:
  ipAddress             Server IP Address or hostname to probe.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -p PORT, --port PORT  Server port to check status.
  -v, --verbose         Use more verbose, human-readable output format.
```
```bash
> $ python sfcheck.py 192.168.10.25 -v
        Server Name     My Very Satisfactory Server
        Response Time   1.54msec
        Server Status:  Live
        Server Version  174005
```

```bash
> $ python sfcheck.py 192.168.10.25 -p 7777 -v
        Server Name     My Very Satisfactory Server
        Response Time   1.54msec
        Server Status:  Live
        Server Version  174005
```

```bash
> $ python sfcheck.py 192.168.10.25 -p 7777
26.55,3,174005
```

Commit message:

Update README to reflect both-endpoint functionality

README.md, after:

# SF-Tools
## sfcheck.py
A commandline tool to get response time, version, and state of a dedicated server.

## Server States
The current implementation of the query protocol will return one of three possible server states, as a "state code".  In vervose mode, this is translated to simple words (e. g. `Live`), but in CSV or Compact mode (the default), the state code itself is provided in the output.  The possible state codes are:

| State Code | Server Status   |
|------------|-----------------|
| 1          | Idle            |
| 2          | Preparing World |
| 3          | Live            |

## How to run
Clone the repository or download the sfcheck.py file, then run the `sfcheck.py` script using Python. Ensure to provide at the very least an IP address or hostname of the game server, the port will default to `7777` if not provided.

Running in Verbose mode will return data from both the "Light" UDP API endpoint and the REST HTTPS API endpoint.  It will also give data for latency on both protocols.  The terse output mode will retun data only from the Light API endpoint.

```bash
> $ python sfcheck.py -h 
usage: sfcheck.py [-h] [-p PORT] [-c] ipAddress

positional arguments:
  ipAddress             Server IP Address or hostname to probe.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -p PORT, --port PORT  Server port to check status.
  -v, --verbose         Use more verbose, human-readable output format.
```
```bash
> $ python sfcheck.py 192.168.10.25 -v
        Server Name     My Very Satisfactory Server
        Response Time   1.54msec
        UDP Response Time       34.12msec
        TCP Response Time       202.21msec
        Server Health:          healthy
        Server Status:          Live
        Server Version          365306
```

```bash
> $ python sfcheck.py 192.168.10.25 -p 7777 -v
        Server Name     My Very Satisfactory Server
        UDP Response Time       34.12msec
        TCP Response Time       202.21msec
        Server Health:          healthy
        Server Status:          Live
        Server Version          365306
```

```bash
> $ python sfcheck.py 192.168.10.25 -p 7777
34.12,3,365306
```
